#40: Update changes_0.1.0.md for upcoming release v0.1.0 (#41)
exasol/script-languages-container-tool: doc/changes/changes_0.1.0.md

# Script-Languages-Container-Tool 0.1.0, released 2021-06-11

Code name: Extraction from Script-Languages Repository

## Features / Enhancements

- #3: Add installer scripts which download and install the scripts to run exaslct from a prebuild docker container

> - #1: Add initial version

Reviewer: Order?

- #19: Forward the docker registry password environment variables to the docker runner

> - #10:  mount cmd line param paths

Reviewer: Needs a better description

- #33: Integrate integration-test-environment to version 0.3

## Bug Fixes

- #6: Fix docker repository name in construct_docker_runner_image_name.sh
- #8: Fix call to construct_docker_runner_image_name.sh in push_docker_runner_image.sh
- #12: Change the default for install_or_update_exaslct.sh to latest
- #17:  Make default value for EXASLCT_INSTALL_DIRECTORY in installer a relative path

> - #22:  Fix overwriting env-file for the container in the docker starter and fix the umask

Reviewer: spaces after the issue name

> - #25: write std out/err to log file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #25: Write standard out/err to log file in the job directory
```
